docs: enhance licensing and feature management information in commerc… (#1675)
shopware/docs: products/plugins/commercial/index.md

::: warning
In accordance with a Shopware merchant's active account configuration, features within the plugin will be in *active* or *inactive* (whilst still being installed within the Shopware codebase). Pay close attention to any install information or special conditions for the provided features.
:::

## Licensing

> On installation the commercial plugin tries to fetch the license key using the logged-in Shopware Account. If this can't be fetched, the plugin can be still installed but all features are deactivated. If you login into your Shopware Account, you can fetch again the license key using `bin/console commercial:license:update`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On installation, the commercial plugin tries to fetch the license key using the logged-in Shopware Account. If this can't be fetched, the plugin can be installed, but all features are deactivated. If you log into your Shopware Account, you can fetch the license key again using `bin/console commercial:license:update`.
```

For further debugging you can run the command:

```bash
bin/console commercial:license:info
```

> which will show the current license key if set and when it expires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which will show the current license key, whether it is set, and when it expires.
```

## Disable Features

::: info
This Feature is available since 6.6.10.0
:::

> The commercial plugin consists of multiple features. You may not need all Features included with the plugin, so you can specify with `SHOPWARE_COMMERCIAL_ENABLED_BUNDLES` environment variable all commercial bundles you want to be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The commercial plugin consists of multiple features. Since you may not need all the Features included with the plugin, you can specify with the `SHOPWARE_COMMERCIAL_ENABLED_BUNDLES` environment variable all commercial bundles you want to be enabled.
```
